(20 Jan., 2024)

I've now had quite a bit more time to think about the logistics of having multiple realms/realities within the same universe, and the model that would allow such to be possible and extant from a cosmological standpoint. I have since reflected on the "tower of realms" model that I've devised, and the associated terminology that I came up with to describe such, and have since grown weary of these, especially since I've devised more favorable models now that I have found to be more potentially expansive.
## Realms as Separate Worlds
Instead of referring to the separation of different realities as "realms", as I have previously, I'm going to keep things simple, and begin calling these "worlds". I established previously that each world could potentially function as its own conworld, if the functionalities of these were fleshed out in full, and so it makes much more sense to start calling these "worlds", to coincide with this standing. I most likely won't be fleshing out many more of these worlds for now though at least, except to justify other matters within the Eperia Conworld, I could however touch on some of these much later. 
## Connecting Worlds in a Web
Since my last thought about the connection of several different worlds, I have since found the tower model to be a somewhat insufficient way of envisioning the connection between several different worlds. The tower model is not necessarily bad, but its not a way I prefer to think about the connectedness of different worlds moving forward. More recently, I've begin adopting a web-shaped, or ring-shaped model when thinking about the different worlds, where rather than envisioning several different worlds existing in parallel linearly, I've found it much more interesting to imagine them coexisting on some kind of floating plane. They don't orbit around like planets, but they do surround some kind of center, the nature of which I'm not sure of exactly at this time. It's worth noting though that this model does not necessarily reflect how these worlds are physically arranged in any tangible domain of time and space, but rather a way of envisioning them in they way they are connected metaphysically.
## How Many Worlds?
In terms of limiting my creative endeavors, and as to not burn myself out, I had said previously that I am only paying attention to 7 worlds total, but that there was the potential to be infinitely many worlds. This notion I am officially going to embrace as canonical, in terms of my attention and endeavor, there are at least 7 worlds that I physically know of at absolute most, within the same metaphysical multiverse, but the landscape of interconnectedness gives the potential for there to be a potentially infinite number of worlds within the World Web.
## Potentially Expanding or Rearranging the Web Model
Another way of envisioning the World Web could come about by making multiple world webs stacked in a layered model, or in a three-dimensional shape of some kind, similar in shape to a sphere or a sea urchin. This could help as an alternative way of viewing the model in the future, rather than as a flat plane, in some situations, or later on if I decide to expand and flesh out other known worlds, or add more to the number of potentially known in the current model of the universe. This iteration of the model I've termed the "Sphere" or the "Pine Tree" Model, but you could very well continue calling it a web.
## Speculation About the Center
Initially, I thought that the equivalent of heaven or the afterlife in this world could exist at the center of the web, but at the moment, I am uncertain of this. If I decide to separate the two, and create equivalents of a heaven and a purgatory/underworld respectively, the latter could exist at the center, while the heaven-equivalent might exist outside the bounds of the multiverse.
## The Universe is Really a Multiverse
While up to this point, I've been using the term "universe" to refer to the conglomerate of multiple interconnected worlds, I've slowly begun to realize that it makes much more sense to call this a "multiverse", since each world is in a sense it's own universe. The World Web is then, in its own sense, a collection of universes, or a multiverse. 