(21 Jan., 2024)

I've had a little more time to ponder on the web model, and I've since begun to visualize it a bit more clearly, and I think I can take hold of the aspects of a web to build some mechanics into the nature of the worlds that exist in the multiverse, and with this, the metaphysical shape of the multiverse might start to make a little more sense. Since a web is made of rungs, or rings, arranged around a center, I think I can use this concept to convey a form of complexity or change in inner nature of some sort, based on which these worlds lie on. 
## Worlds on Rings, Connected by Threads
The picture of the multiverse I have in my head is very reminiscent of a spider web, being made up of rungs connected by threads. It makes sense then, at least in my eyes, to place these worlds on the rungs of the web, and perhaps deterministically derive an attribute in direct correlation with how many rings from the center each world lies. What exactly this nature or attribution is, I'm not certain of yet, but my initial understanding would be some intensity of chaos or stability related to how easily and to what degree of tenseness or calmness life might be formed in a world.
## Defining the Concept of a "Thread"
In terms of the construction of the Multiverse, a thread is a metaphysical object, used to hold together the foundation or firmament that connects all of the worlds to each other. When threads are organized together in a rounded shape, they create the rings on the multiverse web. Under the hood, these make up the foundation of the multiverse, which holds up all the worlds which coexist in parallel, and connect the worlds to each other, as well as their essences.
## On the Potential of Travelling Between Worlds
Since these worlds are now linked metaphysically in this model, the question now arises as to whether or not potential travel between worlds might be possible. As it stands with how I envision the model currently, it is entirely possible that future users of magic, if I end up implementing a magic system, might be able to travel between worlds under certain circumstances, but only by channeling a lot of power or active force from the Deity of Eperia. Aside from magical circumstances, I don't see intentional interworld travel being a possibility. Outside of sentient interaction though, the Deity of Eperia could perhaps have the power to guide physical bodies or souls between realms.