(12 Jan., 2024)

Previously, I had been experimenting a lot with the cosmology of the Reality wherein exists Eperia Conworld, and I had wanted to integrate some kind of division of the physical/material world into realms, where the visible universe would behave differently, or have different physical and environmental conditions. Each of these realms would behave differently in terms of what kind of planets, landscapes, and lifeforms are present, and even how physical matter is arranged within the material universe, and this comes with an interesting implication/characteristic. Essentially, each of these realms could potentially be treated as its own conworld with its own history, since each of them has their own physical landscape. One of these realms houses the universe which contains the Eperia Conworld, and this universe, for all intents and purposes, is essentially physically exactly the same as our universe, but with a little bit of added magic and spiritual pizzazz, which will potentially be expounded upon in another braindump.
## Realms Characterized by Emphasis of Matter
My idea is to have Eperia's Home Realm be characterized by the use of terrestrial matter, to construct bodies in the material universe like the planets, as well as the sentient beings of the Eperian Planet, which were created out of soil and clay. In the other realms, my idea is that perhaps other elements could be emphasized, and maybe also develop other planets and in turn conworlds within these other realms, at most to affect and establish some relationship with Eperia in the long term. 
## How Many Realms?
Initially, I had originally slated to have there be 4 realms, but this has since been upgraded to 7, which I have found to be a good compromise thus far between having several different realities to mess around with, and paying attention to minimal realms at a time, but given the framework wherein this reality exists, there could potentially be infinitely many realms. For the sake of limiting my own attention and the amount of worldbuilding I'll have to do in the long term though, there are only 7.
## The Deity Outside of Material Reality
My idea is for there to be something outside of material reality where the Deity of Eperia exists, at the very least metaphorically, as well as a group of spiritual beings, similar to Angels or Demigods, who are considered in some circumstances to be like gods, but not as powerful or formless and timeless as the DoE. In addition to this, there could also be a hell-like realm or some kind of underworld which souls could travel to after death, something more as a purgatory or Hades-equivalent, as an additional option to reincarnation, more on this in a future braindump.
