(22 Jan., 2024)

After more explicitly defining the web structure of the multiverse, there is still yet one aspect of the multiverse that I have not as of yet explicitly defined, and that is the nature of the Center. The Center, as the name implies, denotes whatever is at the center of the multiverse, and this is something I am slowly starting to figure out, and this is something I want to define explicitly, and so here I'm going to relay an idea for what the Center can or should be, this model could be subject to change in the future though if I come up with a better idea for it.
## Dimensions of the Center
In terms of size, the Center constitutes a large expanse, wherein is contained the Underworld, that is, the portions of the Center which lie below situated to the outer parts of the Multiverse Web, as well as the Overworld, being the portions of the Center which lie above situated to the outer parts of the Multiverse Web. In that sense, the Center begins to look sort of like an hourglass or a peanut in shape, but again, this shape is metaphysical, rather than being physically present. 
## The Center as an Afterlife and Resting Place for Souls
The Underworld serves as an equivalent in the Multiverse of an afterlife, and it is a place where souls might go upon death, from sentients of all worlds in the Multiverse, of all different types. This however is not the only place souls might go to upon death, as they could, depending on the circumstances, be reincarnated, or annihilated. The Underworld is something of an exotic expanse, being akin to a paradise in some aspects, but it also very much shares the same nature as the Overworld, wherein the Overseers reside, constituting a very cloudy expanse.
## The Center as the Home of the Overseers
The Overworld serves as an equivalent of a residence for the Overseers, where they all live and dwell. Some Overseers are contracted to watch over their own worlds, in which case they might reside over the world continually, yet also reside in the Overworld, but it is worth noting that the Overseers, while they may at times take a physical or observable form, are not confined by the same principles of space as other physical sentient beings.
