(12 Jan., 2024)

As I tinker around with the idea of "realms" further (see [[Cosmology Braindump 1]]), I've mentally begin to paint a picture of a tower of realms, of which there are now 9 total, upgraded from the original idea of 7 realms, plus an overhead where the Deity of Eperia exists, and an underfoot where an in-world equivalent of Purgatory or the Underworld exists. The uppermost realm therefore constitutes an equivalent of Heaven, where the DoE rules from, as well as his Overseers. Below the Uppermost Realm, there are 7 "Mortal" Realms, wherein each there exists a physical/material universe, with tangible objects, and living beings, as well as animate phenomena. At the very bottom then exists the Lowermost Realm, which again functions as a sort of underworld, for souls that have not passed onto another existence, that is, souls that have not been reincarnated, or souls that have not passed into the Uppermost Realm, if this is even possible. 
## The Uppermost and Lowermost Realms
I do like the idea of envisioning the Uppermost/Lowermost Realms, as well as the 7 Mortal Realms as a tower of different physical realities that exist within the same universe, but I'm still not sure if they're within the same universe, or different universes. My understanding from previous thoughts on the matter implies that the idea of a realm, is a sort of partition, separated as one reality from another, within the same universe. I'm not sure if this is completely accurate though, since I would like to change how phenomena behave in each realm, and so it is somewhat likely that each realm might not follow the same physical constraints as another, but this thought could just be a result of me attempting to zoom in on how I think sentient/animate life will be situated in each of the realms. It is just as likely at this point that all realms could follow the same laws of reality, but as mentioned previously, only differ in terms of substantive emphasis and appearance. 

For the time being though, I will pay attention to the realm wherein my main planet for the Eperia Conworld exists when it comes to the major worldbuilding, and take the other 6 Mortal Realms into account only as needed in that area, and continue to develop them only in a cosmological sense for the time being.
