(13 Jan., 2024)

The Deity of Eperia is a figure that has mystified me even since their conception, and I've had a vague idea for a bit about having one single supreme deity that exists in the universe of Eperia, which is then viewed differently by the inhabitants of the Eperian Planet throughout hundreds of Eperian cultures and religious traditions. For a bit though I've been asking myself about this figure, and in what ways they are like the Judeo-Christian God in our world, and also in what ways they could be different. For a bit, I've had a bit of a mixed Universalist/Deist Picture painted in my head, given that my idea would be initially that the DoE would have limited interaction with the sentient beings of Eperia, and that they would in turn interpret these interactions differently, and have different ideas about how this figure should be addressed and worshipped (if at all). 
## The Eperian Trinity?
I additionally had an idea to incorporate a trinity of some kind for the DoE, as fanservice to my own Christian background, but one that would be different from the Nicene Trinity of the Christian God. I wanted initially to put some stress on the active force of the Deity of Eperia, in a similar way that there is a distinction between the Christian Father and Holy Spirit, but not to the extent that the DoE's active force is considered a separate person from the main presence of the DoE (although a later religious tradition could potentially come close to seeing it this way). In essence, this sounds a lot like a form of Unitarianism, but as I continue to develop the DoE's ontology, I have realized that it is not completely accurate to use theological labels from our world to describe the DoE, and that it would be more faithful perhaps, and maybe even more interesting, to try and build the DoE from the ground up, and construct labels used to understand these after the fact.
## The Presence of the Deity of Eperia
The primary presence of the Deity of Eperia lies outside of the observable universe, and outside of the 9 realms, but at the same time, the active force of the DoE flows about and around all 9 of the realms. I have also envisioned that there could be two additional types of the DoE, like the DoE's active force, that are involved in characteristics and actions of the DoE. This forms something of a Partialism in description, but I'm not sure at least right now if it is exactly the same.