(1 Feb., 2024)

In this note I want to expound a little bit about my thoughts on the nature on the Deity of Eperia, and their ontology, at least what I've come up with so far. Chances are the next few notes in this topic will also be of a similar vein. I want to continue off of a standpoint where I disregard modern view categories and terminology associated with the Judeo-Christian God, and instead build up theological, or in this case, deiological concepts and observations from the ground up, and build up the core ideas surrounding the DoE's nature simply by explaining them, and using minimal terminology from our world's theology unless absolutely needed, and just as well coining my own terminology only as needed.

I've been very excited about experimenting with a conworld and universe, or in this case a multiverse, wherein is present a real deity. Most conworlds I've come across tend to focus the most, if not all attention on the naturalistic and spontaneous formation of the universe as it pertains to cosmology, and this is not bad at all, as a matter of fact this too is quite beautiful, and I myself plan on factoring this into the creation of my own conworld as well, but I wanted to mess around specifically with the implications of creating a present deity in my own conworld. This has proven to be a challenge thus far, and so in the notes in this topic, I want to slowly build up the nature of the Deity of Eperia, through both ideas and brainstorming, as well as direct affirmations.
## What is Their Name?
Upon reflecting on the ontological and existential nature of the Deity of Eperia, I've decided that this title, while accurate on the surface, does not make sense long term for a Deity who presides over the whole of the Multiverse. I have since given Them the name "Andor", a name, rather than a title, meant to be reflective of the DoE's overall nature. That being said, from this point forward, They shall be called Andor. This epithet is a compound of the conjunctions "and" and "or", due to the fact that Andor is encompassing in and about all that exists alongside, and either or. 
## The Openness and Expanse of Andor
As has already been alluded to, Andor is a Deity who simultaneously exists outside of the observable universe, while also existing in presence within it, and so Andor is both open in the observable universe, and in the expanse of physical matter, in the form of Their presence and active force, more on these later. This means that while simultaneously holding up the multiverse, Andor is also yet an integral part of the Physical World, with a part of Them existing in all of nature, and living things.
## The Oneness and Polyunity of Andor
The Being of Andor is one, and there is nothing else like Them, inside or outside of the multiverse. This being the case, the Deity of Andor has the potential to be multipersonal, and has a distributed presence around the observable multiverse. These are not distinguished though in terms of ontology, and are all directives of the person of Andor.
## The Presence of Andor
Andor's presence is distributed around and about the Multiverse, existing simultaneously in several different contexts, worlds, and in all of life and nature. It is Andor in this way who upholds and maintains the whole physical multiverse, and without Their presence, all of life, sentient and nonsentient, would have no essence. His essence keeps all living things living, and when Their presence leaves, there is naught but death in Their wake.
## The Active Force of Andor
Andor also works through nature via an Active Presence, through which They act in all of nature and the physical realm. While the Presence of Andor reflects the state and standing of Andor, the Presence of Andor reflects Their movement and action about the physical realm. Through Their Active Force, Andor is able to interact with the created world, and with sentients who possess a connection to nature, and to the Divine Presence.
