(30 Dec., 2023)

I've been playing around with the idea of religion since I started this worldbuilding project, and the implications of having distinct religions in a conworld where there is a physical real deity that exists within the same reality. The actual approach of the Deity when it comes to interacting with the conworld is much more Deistic than traditional understandings of how God has interacted with our world in the past (notably in the Abrahamic Religions), in that the Deity is the one who created the world that the Eperians live in, but They haven't made a point to do a whole lot of direct interaction with Eperianity, or at least not how we might expect. They've done so enough though to where the Melians, the first species I'm working on for this conworld, is at least fully aware of the Deity's existence, and so early religious and spiritual practice among the Melians takes its form from reconciling exactly how the Deity's interaction with the Melians takes place, and how that should in turn be acknowledged in worship, and in ceremony.

Early on, this results in two distinct spiritual philosophies arising, based on what active force/nature of Eperia's Deity is observed more often, or with more attention and reverence: (these names are both English-language coining to describe their beliefs in English, it's likely they'd probably be called or known differently in the in-world conlangs)
## Energism
This spiritual philosophy is much more rigid and fixed, and prefers to arrange religion into festivals and feasts, as well as rituals and ceremonies. Energism and its ideas reflect the DoE's active force working through sentient beings, and as such is more so focused on sentient action and activity in the world around.
## Naturism
This spiritual philosophy is a lot more loose and emotional, and tends to depend a lot more on corporate worship. Naturism's ideas are reflective of the DoE's active force working through nature, and consequently tends to place focus on how They are constantly present in and about nature, holding up the universe by divine will.

These two philosophies are not necessarily separate religions, nor are they even in opposition to each other, but rather emerge early on as two different ways of practicing the same set of folk beliefs, but it is very likely that these styles will evolve into distinct religions much later.