(18 Jan., 2024)

I've been thinking for a bit now about the texts native to the Archaean Religion, and after I had a neat idea about how Archaean Writing develops through history (see [[Eperian History Braindump]]), I decided to connect this to the development of the Archaean Religion, since their writing will be used to compose the texts native to the religion.
## The Origins of "High-Style" Writing
When writing first comes about as an innovation among the priesthood and the scribes among the Archaeans, the first things they began to write down were the stories about their ancestors that had been passed down for generations and generations. These stories took the form of long epics and tales, etched with styli on clay tablets, which were then baked and stored on shelves in the temples. Initially, these stories served no purpose, other than as a loose attempt at recording history, but somewhere along the line, the recitation of these texts became important for the worship of ancestors in Archaean Culture. 
## The Origins of "Low-Style" Writing
At the same time, many of these stories had often been told among the lower classes as well, but more often in this context transmitted orally. Once the priests began writing these stories down, their transmission became more so solidified, and versions of the story present among commoners in some situations influenced what was etched onto tablets, depending on context. Eventually, when these developed a writing system of their own, they continued telling these stories orally, since their writing was more concerned with tracking things like merchant payments.
## Ancestor Worship and Writing in Archaean Religion
Much later though, when ancestor worship began to influence the practices of prophets, soothsayers, and shamans, they began to write down snippets of these stories as well, since they too adopted the practice of reciting these stories as a part of ancestor worship. Another thing they began to use writing for much later also, is for the casting of spells, and divination. Eventually, both of these writing types would go onto influence the later scripture canon of the Archaean Religion, in the times when it would become more organized.