(13 Jan., 2024)

Originally, I had devised plans for the earliest recorded Melian society in Eperia, which I've been calling the Archaeans. The Archaeans were among the first groups of people to invent writing, and are considered by the Melians to be the earliest "civilized" Melian People Group, for this reason among many others. I've been spending some time trying to devise some lore, and consequently will be using this braindump to verbalize the ideas I have for the history of the Archaeans.
## The Origins of the Archaeans and the Cataclysm
Initially, I had an idea to make the Archaeans a common ancestor of all Melian cultures residing in the present, with all Melian Groups and People being able to trace ancestry up to at least one, or in many cases, a handful of Archaean Ancestors. Their name, "Archaean", derives from the Greek meaning "old" or "antiquated", since this group is considered the oldest recognized Melian Civilization, and is seen as an in-universe equivalent of the Sumerians, to some degree, at least in terms of being the earliest recorded civilization of Eperian History. This begs the question, what happened to all the other parallel people-groups? I had an idea that most of the world's groups at this time could be eliminated through some kind of human culture cataclysm similar to the Bronze Age Collapse in our world. It might be a good idea though to keep a handful of groups around, so I can do things like propagate multiple different proto-languages for the in-world conlangs that later Melian groups will end up speaking, as well as their religions, and I can start them individually from this point, and claim that they all diverge from a shared point. All I have to do then from this point is connect them loosely in history. It's likely then that not too much will be known about Eperian History prior to the cataclysm that will eliminate most of the then-existent people groups. As for what exactly this event is, and how it wipes out all people groups, I have a few ideas as to what could cause this. 
## The Flood
My initial idea prompted me to take some inspiration from my Christian upbringing, and wipe out most of the world's peoples using a massive flood, which will drown most of the existent cultural groups, except for the ones I want to specifically keep around. So far, I only know for certainty that the Archaeans will survive this event, but I can add other culture groups in once I've explicitly defined the history a bit more.

In order to survive this event, groups that I want to survive will do so by fleeing to the tops of mountains, and residing there for the time being until the flood subsides, then gradually begin traversing back down to level land.
## The Eruptions
My second idea was to eliminate all of the culture groups in question by using a volcanic eruption, or a series of volcanic eruptions and earthquakes, since this historically has also caused the destruction of whole cities, such as the case with the eruption of Mt. Pompeii in Classical Antiquity in our world. The survival of this event would be exactly the same as in the previous idea, but this method could potentially feasibly allow more groups of people to survive.

In order to survive this event, groups would simply flee out of range of the eruption, likely to somewhere of high elevation to escape magma flows. After all the lava cools, it would also likely be much longer before land in affected areas can be inhabited, due to the cooling of the magma likely creating copious amounts of igneous rock, covering up the soil.

At the current point in time, it is likely that I'll end up going with the flood idea, and if I come up with any more ideas for the world cataclysm, I'll expound those in a future braindump.