(18 Jan., 2024)

While brainstorming about the development of writing among the Archaeans, I came up with an interesting idea about how writing could develop, which later also will end up tying into the Archaean religion as well, due to the cultural associations attached to writing as it is used, and as it evolves. 
## "High-Style" Writing
Among the upper classes, a style of writing develops that involves pressing a stylus into clay tablets, to make wedged shapes, in a very similar way to how writing first developed in our world among the Sumerians. This type of writing is mostly used by scribes, as well as taskmasters, and other figures associated with the upper class, and the government. The system itself begins as a logographic system, before eventually evolving into a system very much like the one the Akkadians used, involving the reinterpretation of logographs as having phonetic value, while also being able to retain their logographic understanding as hinting characters, at the very least in some words. This system then spreads in use among the upper classes after being devised by scribes and priests.
## "Low-Style" Writing
Among the educated middle classes, as well as some non-educated, a completely different logographic system develops in parallel, but this iteration involves wedging into wooden tablets, as well as in tree-trunks. This system is mostly used by merchants, as well as among shamans, and other educated groups present in the Archaean Middle Class. The system develops in a similar manner to the High-Style System, but the Low-Style system ends up evolving into a true syllabary. The system initially spreads among the lower class by way of spiritualistic rituals, as well as by merchants looking to track their sales.
## The Switch-Up
Later on in history, as the media used for writing advances in many regards, both writing systems are adapted for use in writing by reed pens on a type of paper, processed from leaves. Since the High-Style System was used prevalently among the government, as the Archaeans advanced, this system ends up becoming the official writing system associated with bureaucracy and government affairs, as well as edicts and official documents. The Low-Style System however, in a strange contrast, ends up becoming more associated with religion, and ends up becoming the official writing style used in religious texts, as well as among the priesthood. The forms of language used by both groups at the time of the writings' standardization ends up becoming solidified in these writing forms as well, and so even after both forms of language are long extinct, government officials are writing in an old and archaic style, and the priests are writing in an equally-as-old and archaic style. 