(21 Jan., 2024)

I've had some more time to think about the essence from which the different types of sentients existing in and about of the Eperia Conworld are made, and more on the different kinds of sentients present in and about the universe. I've mentally defined more explicitly the matter and nature that makes all of these beings up, and have begun to envision more clearly which types of beings exist. I'm sticking with the decision for the time being to base the composition of the different types of sentients off of individual elements, following off of a sense derived from Islamic thought, which postulates that human beings are beings of dirt and clay, and the Jinn, which are also created beings, are beings made of fire.
## Melians, and Other Beings of Dirt and Clay
First, there are the sentients which exist on the soils of Eperia, and the other planets in the other scattered worlds of the Multiverse Web, and these were made from Dirt and Clay, and other composites of the earth. These beings are said to therefore have a special connection to the soils and the earth of their home planets, and are gifted in the areas of tending land, agriculture, and dealing with animals, as well as artisanry, and creating things. These beings tend the planets to which they are native, and cultivate the growing of plants, and the raising of animals, and their own offspring, and hunt the wild animals of the lands which they inhabit. They also build many structures in which to live, work, sleep, and eat. These beings are usually friendly to outsiders, with the exceptions being Daemons and other troublesome beings, as well as Evil Spirits.
## Kapnians, Beings of Smoke and Fire
Next, there are the sentients which exist in the fires of the Hadeses and Sheols of the multiverse, among the more chaotic realms (at least from human perspective) of the Multiverse Web, and these were made from Fire and Smoke, and other impure composites of the air. These beings are said to hold a special connection to the heat and cloudiness of the material worlds, and are gifted in the areas of warmth, and the cultivation of the soul. Due to this, Kapnians more easily develop social connections with other beings, and are more passionate in physical and spiritual expression. However, due to their more chaotic nature, they more rarely are willing to do so, which balances out. These beings are also gifted in the areas of destruction and mental as well as spiritual fortitude. These beings warm up the worlds to which they are native, and make war with other beings. They are usually hostile to outsiders at first, but are easy to form relationships with (good or bad) after initial ice is broken, and a few interactions are made.
## Lissians, Beings of Wind
Next, there are the sentients which exist in the airs and skies of the multiverse, among both beautiful and chaotic realms alike, with them being made of only wind. Due to this lack of a complex makeup, Lissians tend to be very shallow in terms of personage, and are said to be less visibly sentient than other types of beings. They are said to hold a connection to the skies, and all which inhabits the skies of many worlds, and due to this it is common for Lissians Native realms to originate their life on Gas Planets, rather than Solid Planets. Lissians are said to also be able to inspirit, or possess other types of sentients and beings, except for Daemons and Overseers, and alter their behavior significantly. These beings are usually indifferent to outsiders, but easily have social connections and complex social hierarchies of their own.
## Daemons, Beings of Pure Light
Lastly, among the created sentient beings, there are the Daemons, which exist natively only in environments categorized by different types of light, with nothing super solid, although they are perfectly capable of existing in realms with solid and tangible matter. Not much is known about these beings, since they only exist in circumstances that would literally be almost blinding for other types of sentients, and rarely leave their own native realms. They are said to therefore be connected to light, and are said to inhabit the realms closest to or furthest from the center (haven't decided yet) where there is the most concentrated material chaos abound. It is not known how they feel about outsiders, since they rarely get any.
## The Overseers of Worlds
There is also one group of technically uncreated sentients, having been formed spontaneously from void as a byproduct of the Deity of Eperia's Active Force, before any collective memory established, these are the Overseers. They are so named for their closeness to the Deity of Eperia, and their charge from Them of watching over the worlds of the Multiverse Web. After their creation, they were charged with watching over realms, and in some circumstances, some are even worshipped as gods in their respective worlds, and some may even take flesh as other kinds of sentient beings in these worlds of their own as well. These are made of spiritual essence of the air of the multiverse.