(22 Jan., 2024)

This thought will serve as a sort of rectification and clarification of yesterday's thought on the same topic (see [[Ontology Braindump 2]]), because while I was thinking more on how to classify the different types of sentients in the Multiverse, I came up with a slightly better set of elemental classifications and some new naming for some types, which will end up also changing up the personalities of a few a little bit just a tad bit. This will change up some bits of information, and add onto others.
## Ghomans as Beings of Dirt and Clay
The only change to happen with the dirt-and-clay beings is a name change. The term "human" is much too earth-specific, although it is etymologically derived from a term meaning originally "earthling" or "person of earth", going all the way back to Proto-Indo-European. I've instead chosen to use a term I've coined myself, "Ghoman", which also bears a resemblance to the PIE term, \*ǵʰm̥mṓ. The term should be pronounced in English like "GO-man", or "go-MAN", both are acceptable pronunciations.
## Kapnians to Jinns + Behavior and Tendencies
I want to use more common names for the other types of sentients, and this means doing away with the fanciful Greek-derived names I came up with earlier for the other types. I've named the beings of fire after the Jinns, in Near-Eastern Folklore. While they exhibit similar characteristics, being sometimes shown to be wrathful, chaotic, and mischievous, they are not exactly the same. They are not known for fostering friendships, especially among other types of sentients, but most often reside in loose clan-based structures, keeping the family as the foremost type of social circle. Despite the emphasis, they are also like humans and Ghomans in many ways, and exhibit distinct personalities, just like Ghomans.
## Lissians to Wisps + Behavior and Tendencies
The Lissians are also receiving a name change, and shall henceforth be known as "wisps". They are so named for the fact that they are associated with wind primarily, and spend time in worlds which have much less solid matter. Their social circles, by contrast with the Jinns, are much bigger and a lot more open, but their behavior is much more casual, whereas Jinns are known for being very passionate. Wisps have the unique ability to inspirit other types of sentients, but not all types. They are known for inspiriting Ghomans, Jinns, and Daemons, and using this ability to cause a little mischief, but also for kindness.
## Daemons as Beings of Lightning and Plasma
Daemons are having their elemental association changed, to be with lightning and plasma. Due to this new association, Daemons are considered very mysterious, and also to possess great strength. They live in worlds of much chaos and darkness, and unsurprisingly, this is where they tend to thrive the most, and grow in large numbers. Daemons are also considered to be able to more easily transcend world barriers than other types of sentients. They tend to have good relationships mostly with Ghomans and Wisps, but have struggled for great lengths fighting with Jinns.
## The Overseers as Beings of Light
The Overseers are now primarily associated with light, and are still mostly found in the Overworld, in the Center of the Multiverse Web, but occasionally about or over the worlds some of them have been contracted to watch over. They are considered the calmest and the strongest of the sentients. They were technically created on accident, having accidentally come out of the fusion of divine essences at the time of the Multiverse's creation.